our third year
just rarely ship
and to go to the third and right before
I go to power to go back to second
you're shocked
very the momentum
solve that float barely breakin now
harder go down two beers here at this
card a second
just barely
I need a shower
downshift count on the compression feel
it
he's back
maybe 3/4 I'm gonna get it to turn so
off release
half power three-quarters full
our initial rate here
trailer Delta go
try not to get up push it too much
power somebody had the egg back scones
go down to second gear right there
steady
to speak barely hanging up now harder
right there
feel a little fast you got the
compression
yeah that was good I told you this
thing's good I'm gonna you
wouldn't a thunk it would you know you
because the gear ratios are just
slightly different second year coming
out with a sliver turns you get a little
more pull than the other car in third
but you notice it shifts the fourth just
before you break in a couple spots on
the straightaway so it kind of shifts
and then you break and then why doesn't
then what would be the difference if
this was afternoon nothing in the tip
the mapping no because you're in full
throttle so much see okay it once you go
to full throttle it's waiting for
redline anyway before it shifts the
throttle is full throttle full throttle
that's gonna shift when it gets there
yeah that's only gonna make a difference
when you're in kind of that middle range
stuff you know when you're on and off
and you're you're working like like
you're in the mountains and you're doing
power lift turn mid-range
if you're balancing in there then it
might hold the hold the gear longer if
you were in Drive but when you're in
manual mode it makes no difference
well they pull up here you know a manual
mode it's not gonna shift until it
either hits red line or you downshift